dud Muhammad bakar is just one of the
estimated 1.9 million Palestinians
forced to flee an unabating Israeli
bombing campaign on their
homes in a camp in Rafa in southern Gaza
where he seeks shelter da is trying to
uphold human dignity in the midst of an
Ever growing inhumane
War there are many young men who seek my
services I don't care care how much they
pay because I'm aware of how difficult
the situation is it makes me happy to
receive customers because when they get
a haircut it helps them escape the
difficult reality they're living
in there isn't enough water in Gaza or
access to basic hair washing products
it's hindering people's ability to
maintain hygiene and having an effect on
morale I needed a new look I haven't had
a haircut in approximately 40 days and
my looks have changed drastically so
maybe the new look will give us all
renewed hope D escaped Israeli strikes
leaving everything he had behind people
loaned him money to buy two electric
razors so he could make a living
expenses in Gaza are higher than ever
because of the yearslong Israeli
blockade and the need for essential
products is growing more desperate by
the
day we didn't have any money and I have
children who have needs therefore I had
to provide for myself my children and my
wife for my family in times like these
nobody is going to reach out and help
you Palestinians feel abandoned they say
they can only depend on themselves and
on each other with no end in sight to
Israel's war Julie dger Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer